README.md, before:

# RunawayBoy_game_app
This is a game I created in Unity which I used C# to produce this game app.

In this game, you have to beat the monsters with your baseball bat which can shoot a magic ball to defeat all the monsters.

When you defeat all the monsters that you will see a coin on the road, and if you eat it, then you can pass the level.

## Main page in mobile game
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/0.jpg)
## Select level page in mobile game
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/1.jpg)
## Playing scene
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/2.jpg)
## Playing scene
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/3.jpg)
## Eat the coin
If you eat the coin, the cute girl will show up and bring you two option buttons.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/5.jpg)
## Google play store
I've produced this game on the Google play store. If you guys are interested in this game you can search "少年逃亡中" in google play store.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/4.jpg)

Commit message:

Add Transportation area and Big christimas pig

README.md, after:

# RunawayBoy_game_app
This is a game I created in Unity which I used C# to produce this game app.

In this game, you have to beat the monsters with your baseball bat which can shoot a magic ball to defeat all the monsters.

When you defeat all the monsters that you will see a coin on the road, and if you eat it, then you can pass the level.

## Main page in mobile game
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/0.jpg)
## Select level page in mobile game
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/1.jpg)
## Playing scene
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/2.jpg)
## Playing scene
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/3.jpg)
## Transportation area
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/6.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/7.jpg)
## Big christimas pig
Big Christmas pig is a boss that can bite your ass, so you need to handle it carefully.

There are two giant bells here, and they will drop down at any minute, so you need to dodge the attack from the giant ball.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/8.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/9.jpg)
## Eat the coin
If you eat the coin, the cute girl will show up and bring you two option buttons.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/5.jpg)
## Google play store
I've produced this game on the Google play store. If you guys are interested in this game you can search "少年逃亡中" in google play store.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weitsung50110/Runaway_game/master/github_images/4.jpg)
